add feild of first name, last name, phone number
make it editable done

user can create a post - done
 delete a post



i created my blog section, where only signed in user blog has been displayed.
user can individually see a particular post.

I created edit option so user can edit a particular blog.


we need to create another component so that user can see only his blog.
create a side navabar where two option will be stay: one is the write blog section, another is my blog section. done



How to handle the user blog on the backend


another user caan see this - done



comments/reply
Trending Posts
Custom Slugs - done
Meta Data
rich-text - done (but more customisation needded-not functional)
User Dashboard
Social Media Sharing // done 
text-to-specch
Dark Mode
Scheduled Posts 


/follow user---done
on mongodb user schema - another field name follower, when {signed in} user click on the + icon on. User will get a notification that - {user.email} followed you.
The person who followed on the profile section ther will a palce where follow list will show. count ++ 

/follow user (advance) - done
a separate page where only followed user post will appear, and a pop up message will show on the notificaiton tab
task 1 - seperate page for follower(only his post will fetch)
task 2 - a notificaiton tab where recent follow up user notificaiton will shown.

/Like, comments ---
1. add field on postschmea - like, comment, reply
2. create a component containing like, comment
3. import it on single post, run a basic condition if user like and comments it will save on backend post collection,
then we wil fetch it on that page.
4.anyone with signining in can reply in that post (reply is also a comment, just another person seeing that comment thats it)
5. if anotheer person comments it will also save to that post collection as reply [ userEmail, comment, date]
6. then we will again fetch the data and show it on frontend.
7. user will have the functionality to edit his comment. but if edit done, edited will shown under the comment.



/search---done
post.title as a search feature

/Meta Data

/User Dashboard-done (more changes needed)

/Dark Mode---
by clicking the button it will turn the bg - white, text-color : black
again turn the bg - black, text-color: white,

/Trending Posts



/text-to-specch


/custom-slug - done

/Scheduled-post